And simulating sinks are used to this place and would signal.
So in this lecture I'm going to explain some of the most important sinks blocks that you will use in
your model sinks are found in sinks blocks from the similarly Clay Perry
as you can see I have built a block diagram of a position control system using rate feedback.
The input is an angle star and the output is C the C all in s domain.
The transfer function is of the second order and Katie times S is a rate feedback controller after finishing
is this course you'll be able to build this system and even more complex system so don't worry.
And also intellectual resources you can find the simulating fine of this system.
Now I'm using sine wave as an input for the system ends or are five different sink blocks to express
output signal.
Now let's run this model this is x y graph sync it takes two signals as inputs that are wired in its
pulse connections and plugged the first signal versus the second signal in it to the plot.
I can't change the axis limits by double click and change x minimum X maximum y minimum and Y maximum
values
but you can see in this graph is a relation between the input which is a sine wave and x axis and output
in y axis
scooping scope saying expresses the relation between a given signal which is connected to the scoop
and time
this play block display block is used to express the signal value.
In this example the output signal is displayed each second of the simulation time which is 5 second
until second number 5 is the output of second number 5 is remained on the display block which is minus
0 point 5 8 7 7 if you want to save a good signal to work space or even a file you can use these two
blocks to work space and to file that's open for example to workspace block the variable name is the
name of the variables that is contains the output signal values let's change it for example to a and
runs a model.
Now let's type A this variable contains all of the informations of the Albert signal as you can see
these two columns have pulled the time and output values.
If you want to display the time values type A the time and enter
and for the output signal type a dot data if you want to display for example the fifth value of the
output signal type a data of 5 which is the fifth row common one which is the first goal
to find block in order to save the output signal values in math file in the current path or is a path
that is used in Matlab.
Use this block as you can see this is the name of the math file.
Go the format and in my case it is saved in the desktop variable name is a variable that is used in
the work space to call the Save the value.
Now let's run the model
as you can see in the current past which is a desktop is the one that's math file is saved
and is or space B variable which contains our good signal versus time.